hello everyone I am joined right now at
the end of week 9 by Avila May the
newest member of the NA LCS a broadcast
team and the latest person to leave me
all alone in the world by myself on this
YouTube channel
le what's going on um like you just said
I just started at LCS I'm doing side
stage interviews get to talk to
important people and I don't have to say
I'm working with Travis you I will say
you never looked like this when you were
working with me this is very different
look for you that's because they help me
with absolutely everything I went in yep
I went in in like t-shirts and like a
oversized JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
t-shirt and like I said I have no idea
what I'm supposed to do and Cassandra
says groan the sixth year she's the
stylist right yeah Cassandra she did
they wrote an article about her on
something she did my face she did my
hair and then Kim who's amazing - she's
like the talent manager she chose my
outfits and everything because I'd be up
there in sweat pants and like Crocs or
flip-flops yeah like rock stone rock
high heels this is not what this
interview is about all right let's talk
about your how did this all come about
um first I started with you yes and yeah
we can move past that point you lost us
all of our jobs yeah yeah and then um
they just kind of pinged me and said hey
are you interested in this and I they
tried to put me through like the vetting
process made sure that I wasn't crazy
and then I knew what I was talking about
they made some made some mistakes there
I think I know I passed yeah maybe I
should go into acting instead of but
there's Kim she's amazing um yeah and
then they're like okay here so I
shadowed for a week I was doing a
different gig so I couldn't come in last
week which I was supposed to but so I
started yesterday right so your first
interview was contracts alright so talk
to me a little bit because there's right
now there's like two people watching us
and we know both of them here you're in
front of an audience but then on stream
there's like thousands and thousands of
people watching you so what and it's all
live you know you can't reset it
so what is the experience like what was
it like for you going on stage then and
doing this for the first time okay so
here is the story of my first interview
so the way they have it is it was in the
theater and when the game's over you
have your earpiece and you have your mic
and then you go up stand on stage and
everything I was taking notes and
watching the stream on Twitch from the
kind of like the office area it's a
delay yeah there is a delay there's a
like a minute and a half maybe delay on
the twitch thing but I mean like it
didn't look like the game was over at
all and then all of a sudden there was
one abrupt teamfight where it just
everything pushed in and we realized oh
my gosh wait I think c9 is going to win
so as I hear it as I see this I start
walking back through the hallway and
then my earpiece starts to turn on
because I was out of range and I hear
our producer going like awfully awfully
checking if all Veliz here and like so I
just start sprinting down the hallway
and I sprint into the battle theater and
I like run into people I run up there I
grab my mic Kassandra fixes my face
because I'm like how so I'm like panting
heavily and then I get up on stage and I
talk to contracts and I had no
nervousness throughout that interview
because I was so relieved that I made it
there in time there was Cassandra by the
way she just went fine I will see you
later tonight
oh right now okay we'll go I'll ditch
him and then we can go wait where's my
invite really okay
can you message me details on Facebook
okay
barbecue okay all right so yeah I get to
go
that's how by the way that what you just
saw that is how I've made everything
happen for myself at eSports somebody's
walking by they're going to go do
something and I invite myself and then
boom I'm there and then some people work
their entire life six months ago who s
then they find massive success alright
anyway so you weren't nervous at all
because you had like all the adrenaline
rushing from that thing okay cool and
now you've done a couple more interviews
is it all now you're fine everything's
good no I'm still terrified every single
time I go up there it gets easier with
whoever I'm interviewing like I talk to
all tech and I felt more comfortable
with him how I was feeling a little bit
comfortable turtle as well contract all
of them I feel super comfortable with
but right now I'm only starting in the
theater I haven't done anything in the
arena yet which is like everyone's in
there and I have a the big stage yeah
yeah because when you're in the theater
it's just like I'm just staring at
someone who's a few feet ahead of me and
then looking at the person I'm
interviewing that's just a camera like
it doesn't feel like it's a huge thing
but in the arena I feel like it it might
get to me a little bit more how long
until the fame goes to your head I don't
even know why I'm talking to you right
oh it's all right well approximately two
days all right well that was good yeah
are you I mean I I'm always going to be
this weird little weed that didn't have
any friends in high school so like I
think I'll be excited about like people
wanting to talk to me or something like
I think that's really cool but I don't
think I'll ever reach the I'm Travis
cafard and I only interview mm kind of
not even I'm literally interviewing
right now this is evidence that that is
not true anyway I'm going to calm down
now all right so you're going to be fine
oh and by the way we should clarify
there are a lot of people I think who
believe that you are working on like
full time 40 hours a week with riot not
the case right no no so I'm still
student at school I finished school in
May so they're really nice with me I'm
doing like part-time contract work so
I'm only
doing stuff on like weekends yeah so
you're available for hire
yes sire I if I went off and found you
know a job where I could hire you back
into essentially slavery then that would
be a possibility are you even paying
your cameraman right now no I don't I
don't have any money
yeah that's that's my situation look
we're gonna change the subject and just
say our outfits I'll interview you how's
the job search going well I have a
YouTube channel and we book and watch my
content there
adblock rates are really high that's it
I need to pay rent yeah do you actually
do you have a couch or anything that
somebody could sleep on if they needed
to you'd have to fight my dog for it
okay well that's I've seen your dog I
would lose that fight all right
it is there what could we just I'm
rapping with them is there anything you
want to say to the people who are like
oh my gosh na shocks that's honestly
like people are one people are asking me
like oh are you bothered by the people
are calling you any shocks or something
like they feel I'd be offended that's
like a crazy compliment that I still
don't think I'm like worthy of receiving
because I have always looked up to
shocks since like high school always a
fan watching a fan girl here whatever
I'm gonna get out get out of here
but so I mean yeah like I hope that one
day I could be as amazing as her
yeah well and na talks is even more
confusing because that's like you're
they're almost putting you above shocks
because we know that North America is
greater than Europe so saying na shocks
yeah if you want is ten I think they
just locked in tenth ninth or tenth
there ninth or tenth right now and they
whoops here ups but yeah a trip tribal
you go okay I feel like you and her are
not going to get along if this is the
two you take is she very much likes
Europe so if you start trash-talking her
up
exactly all right I so but other than
that anything you want to say to these
people um thank you so much for
following me thank you so much for all
the support I wouldn't have made it here
if it wasn't for you lovely people and
this guy foolishly believing in me
I think I love you all okay and we're
going to end on that proposal of love to
everybody watching this video you can
check out the rest of my coverage right
here and congratulations to Avila on
making it big so quickly hope you
enjoyed that interview I thought it was
only okay but you can you can support
more okay coverage of the NI LCS right
here on this YouTube channel or by
checking out Travis Khafre comm slash
support